All right. Well, good evening, family.
Thank you for joining me again tonight,
all 1,700 of you so far. Let's go
ahead and talk about what the Lord
showed us last night when we were
praying. What a time of prayer
we had last night, praying for President
Trump and the nations. The
Lord allowed us to see into
the tribulation
with
the peace agreement. I saw
the
Last
Supper and the picture of the Last
Supper. Do you have that picture, son,
that you made with AI? Look at
that; this is kind of cool. I had Braden make
this with AI, and that's the way it
looked in the vision. Braden created it
with the Last Supper, with the Antichrist
in the middle, but he had a golden crown
above his brow and Satan was
speaking in his ear.
And whenever he was speaking to him, he
had a fat tongue and he had a
black
mask like Zorro around his eyes.
When Satan was talking into the ear of
the Antichrist, spit was coming on him.
I don't know if Satan has spit, but
it was in the vision. I thought it
was interesting because I'm
thinking, 'Do you think the devil has spit?'I
don't know; I don't
think he would. But it
doesn't matter to me;
whenever you see things,
it's symbolic for something
when the Lord is showing you things.
As the Antichrist was there, they were
signing the peace accord with Israel.
I saw 'three and a half years'above his head.
I saw the
devil talking in the
Antichrist's ear, and I saw them signing
the papers, a covenant with many.
As I was seeing that, I saw Berlin and a
storm in Berlin.
I saw Iraq. As I was looking
into Europe, I saw a green
cloak go over Europe with white
Arabic writing
across it. It
covered it, and I thought that was
interesting. Then I heard about Iraq and
great oil deals. I saw Iraq join
up, and they were equal to Saudi
Arabia in oil wealth. I saw oil
coming up out of the ground
in Iraq. They were
stinking rich with oil. I
saw pipelines, major deals coming
forth, and buildings being built.
I saw cars and wealth come out
of Iraq along with Saudi Arabia. I saw the
Prince, MBS, come out of this, and
he was influencing Iraq and other
Arab nations.
Then I saw a black horse riding with a
black rider that looked like
the Grim
Reaper, but it had gauze coming off
it. As it was riding upon the lands,
I saw drought and famine.
He had scales in his
hand, like the old scales used to weigh money or gold,
and he was riding across the land in
Europe. As I was looking at Ukraine and
the wheat crop, I saw the wheat crop was
in trouble; there was something wrong
with Ukraine. I saw corruption with
Swiss accounts in Ukraine—major money.
I saw twenty-four billion dollars;
there were
secret accounts of money fraud
coming out of Ukraine.
The
black horse started going through
Africa, and I saw a
great
drought—it
was beyond drought. But the
oil in Iraq, Saudi Arabia, and other parts of the Arab nations was plentiful.
However,
the
wheat was bad and
dry; there was a great
drought upon the earth. Suddenly,
I saw
a blessing on Israel. The Lord
said he was breathing on the Abrahamic
Covenant so that the world would see it.
I saw fruit the size of softballs,
tomatoes, and
vegetables—all
kinds of
plentiful
agriculture.
I saw bountiful harvests of fish coming up out of the
sea.
I saw fish, wine, and bread, and they
were blessed. The wine was
in a beautiful
bottle and looked
like
red grape juice. I saw
beautiful fish that were
blue on the top and
faded down into a scaly
white.
I saw beautiful bread with
oats on top,
and I saw
a blessing. Those who blessed
them were blessed, and I saw it trickle
down on the nations that blessed them,
and those that cursed them were
cursed. I saw a vast drought
on the nations; Egypt, Syria, and Turkey were greatly in
drought.
I saw nations like
America; it trickled down on the
people who were for them.
I saw a new leader; Bibi's days were
numbered. I saw a new leader coming up
out of Israel who had a heart like
David. He was wearing a hat—a
little circle on
his head.
He
looked traditional, like an
Orthodox Jew.
He had a nice button-up shirt
and looked kind of bald,
but he rose up and
wasn't old-looking like Bibi with gray
hair. This new face rose up
like a David.
I saw great blessing. Yeah, what is
that?
A kippah?
I
don't know. To those familiar
with this, I'm not trying to be
insulting; I'm just ignorant.
I saw great blessing
coming out of Israel. I saw the fruit.
Then I saw a vast splitting of the
Mount of Olives again.
I saw a shaking of the Mount of
Olives, and as it
split, I saw the Temple Mount completely
decimated where the Dome of the Rock is.
It was uninhabitable.
But the Lord said specifically, 'Look at
the trees,
for you'll know the time of this.'I
saw olives on the olive
tree that were full and ripe for
picking. I
told my son to look up
when the olive harvest is in Israel,
for this is the timeframe
of when the earthquake will
take place over the Mount
of Olives.
I saw it split in
a bad earthquake. But the Lord
said, 'Look at the olive tree.'The
olives were ripe. It wasn't a fig tree
this time; it was an olive tree with
olives all
over it. The Lord said, 'This will
tell you the timeframe of when I will
split this mountain.'I don't know if
it's this year or if it's
in the tribulation,
but
I saw a shaking of that mountain,
and the Lord said it will happen in this
timeframe. Braden said, 'Daddy,
this happens in September or October.'That
would be Rosh
Hashanah—that
timeframe—and Yom Kippur.
Is it this year?
I don't believe so.
Like I said, I
don't want to add to or take away from
anything. I don't have a date; I just
know I'm looking for this earthquake
to happen when the olives are
ripe.
It wasn't figs.
The Lord always tells me, 'Look at
the fig tree, Brandon.'I saw those
figs, and they were vast and
big. But there was something about the
Mount of Olives. Maybe it
has some olives on it; I
don't know, I've never been to
Israel.
I don't want to add to or take
from, but I'm just telling you: I saw
olive trees, and they had olives, and
they looked like black olives.
They
looked like fruit. I saw that,
and then I saw a shaking on
the New Madrid. I saw the
drought. I saw the black rider on
the black horse riding upon the land,
and I saw wherever he went, there was
drought. I saw famine, and money was
in trouble. I saw famine of
agriculture.
Very interesting.
I saw agreements being made for Iraq again—great
agreements, financial
blessing coming to Iraq—but they would
rise out of seemingly nothing.
So, we go to the news. Was that
everything? I'll cover everything good.
Yeah. You saw Europe and Ukraine, and then you saw cyberattacks. Oh,
I saw
cyberattacks—great cyberattacks
on America, on
banks, Bank of America. I saw banks
that were in trouble—embarrassing
moments.
I saw cyber
breaches for
Schwab.
I saw embarrassing moments for
investment groups. That's what I'll say.
And as I saw this, I saw cyberattacks,
and it was from China. China was
infiltrating, trying to find Social
Security numbers and bank information at Charles
Schwab.
I saw Bank of America, and I
saw that they would try to go to a
certain crypto for what they do to
have cybersecurity.
It was cybersecurity for banks. But
I saw a banking thing where they were
asking for knowledge
on how to stop hackers from breaking
into their database.
And so, very interesting because I
heard embarrassing moments for
certain big banks, and people were upset
about it because China was able to
hack. I saw China hacking these banks as an
embarrassment.
I saw to pray for the UN concerning
the United Assembly—the assembly
with all the nations coming in
September. Praying for the September timeframe
over this. Now, I know this
is the end of September. Rosh Hashanah is on
the 11th—9/11. So, we're praying over
this timeframe. Again, always September,
praying over this for a major attack
coming against Israel in the middle of
the night,
worse than October 7th.
We will continue to pray for this, but
yeah, I think that's pretty
much everything.
Praying over Italy, I saw shakings in
Italy. I saw the Pope rise
up on the steps
of the Antichrist and bowed down to him
with one knee.
And I saw the Antichrist blessing him
as Pope Leo walked up the steps on a red
carpet,
and Pope Leo put his knee down and bowed
before the Antichrist. Now, I thought
that was interesting. Now, that will probably
tick a lot of people off, but I tell you
what I see. I don't add to or
take away from anything, and I'm
not political. I try to tell you exactly
what I saw in the vision God gave me
last night. I saw Pope Leo go down
there and he went on one knee.
So what does that mean? Is that
symbolic? Does he really do that? I pray
he doesn't, but if he does, he does. I
told you what the Lord is saying. So,
was that everything?
I just want to make sure
because I don't want to rush
through it. It was very powerful
what the Lord showed us last night. I
saw—I won't call
it the Marriage Supper; it was the Last
Supper. They tried to mock it in the
vision with the Antichrist. So, you
see the picture of it.
Braden made it.
It's very creepy.
So, this is where we are with Iraq
today.
Now, this is interesting to me: Starlink
made a huge deal with Iraq
today. Yesterday,
they made a massive deal. Iraq made
a deal for them to be a major internet
provider. So, Iraq will use Starlink
for their internet all throughout the
country to help give their
citizens internet with this
new kind of stuff.
Iraq grants Starlink license as
Washington summit yields $60 billion in
US deals.
What did I tell you Starlink would be
used for?
I said Starlink will rise up in the
Middle East. And I saw a water machine
coming that would be pulling water
out of the atmosphere for pure
water that has internet provided for
everybody. And I saw Elon Musk coming up
with some kind of water for people who
need water,
copying what's already out there
but a better design. Well,
Starlink, I said, will be used for the
chip.
And I said the chip communicates to
Starlink in the drones in the days ahead,
and the Antichrist harnesses Starlink.
Isn't it amazing that Iraq is going
along with Starlink? And I'm not
criticizing Elon Musk; he probably doesn't
even know what he's doing. He's
just a puppet
for the end times right now. And so we
see it happening. We know that the
Lord said last night, 'Look up,
for your redemption draws nigh.'People
don't realize the urgency of the hour.
We go and we play church and we do
church, but most
people have no clue how close we are to
the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ.
There's no urgency, and we must be
urgent. Most of the Body of Christ—there's a group of us
that are—but
it's
like tonight we had church and it
was beautiful to have the presence
of God. You can feel
the presence of God. It was
wonderful to get refreshed. And I'm
going to tell you, it's not playing
church; that's Holy Ghost church.
That's revival. You can feel it stirring
up a wind of His presence, a wind in
the fragrance of the
Lord. You can feel it. And that's what
I'm talking about—not going
to a dead church. Go to a
church that's alive and that's
anticipating the glory of God. And
when Mark Jenkins came in, that was
amazing. I
thank God for Pastor Chip and Ken
allowing him to come.
And Billy Burke
tonight, you see what he did in
those services up in Pennsylvania. But
it's just having an anticipation of
manifestations of the glory and saying,
'God, I want to see your presence
manifested in an atmosphere in a church,'and
coming expecting Him to do
it.
So, Starlink made
a big agreement with Iraq
yesterday. So, it's all part of the
plan. It's not
coincidence; it's all part of the plan.
$60 billion.
Do you understand? It's all happening.
They come up out of nowhere. Iraq was
like a has-been, right? And then they
get the new Prime Minister and he's
over it.
He comes in in May and all of a
sudden, if you go
back to every word that the Lord gave us
about Iraq and told us what was coming
clear back over a year ago, you can
look at all of them. I said you can
see this man coming up; he has a five
o'clock shadow. Every one of these words
that came to pass—the man has a five
o'clock shadow with a mustache. And we
gave word after word that's
accurate, not flaky. And the Lord said
there's corruption in the Central
Bank, and you're about to see
the corruption be dealt with because
Iran's hand is in Iraq. They will
pull their hand back as the principality
that was over it, the Prince of Persia,
had his hands over Iraq, and he will be
wounded for a season, sitting on a
perch on the mountain that has that bomb
in it.
So Starlink
begins assigning local Iraq
IP addresses to users in Iraq
just like the Lord said they would.
Look, isn't that amazing?
Jesus is coming. You
can't just have your head in the
sand. You got to see it: the signs of
the times of the coming of the Lord
Jesus Christ. This is how the chip's
going to work.
I get excited about it.
Iraq signs 48 deals with US
companies during the PM's visit to Washington—48
deals for oil and all kinds of
different stuff to build Iraq out of it.
Just like the Lord said, they will come
up out of seemingly nothing, and they
will be like Saudi Arabia in the
days ahead. And you see him shaking
hands; he's excited. The five o'clock
shadow,
just like the Lord warned us.
Isn't Jesus wonderful that he would tell
us this ahead of time? And it happened;
it happened just like he said. Isn't
Jesus wonderful? But haters are going to
hate, right? Seven Iraq banks under
US restrictions cleared for the return
to international banking. So the IMF,
the International Monetary Fund,
cleared seven Iraq banks.
Are you serious? Seven Iraq banks
under US restrictions cleared for
the return. Do you understand? Well,
you probably don't. Some of you may, but
this is about banking.
They had so
much corruption. Now they're saying,
'We're going to lift it off of you.
Come here. Everything's good now.'So
the IMF's going, 'Hey, we're cool.'The World
Bank—I mean, the World Bank.
International banking. Look at all
this stuff.
Central Bank of Iraq, the CBI.
Look what God's doing. All right,
let's see next.
But the 48 deals is a pretty big deal. US-Iraq
relations enter a new chapter as
business leaders finalize over 60
billion in deals.
The
US Chamber hosted a historic US-Iraq
business summit with Iraq Prime Minister Al-Sudani,
making over 60
billion in deals. It's just more of
the same thing people are talking about.
All right, so we see all that. Is
there anything else?
We have a
volcano go off in
Guatemala.
Boom.
You're saying
it was after the earthquake? This is
what the Lord warned us about.
They'll go off in the ocean, and we
heard deep calls unto deep. I heard
a groaning coming out of the water
to the point where
when you stand on the beach in the days
ahead, you're going to see these things.
I heard a groaning coming out of the
deep of the ocean.
Signs.
People are going to get freaked out over
this sound. Do you remember hearing all
the trumpet sounds? And
they go, 'It's HAARP. It's this. It's that.'And
you hear the noises and
people film it and you go, 'You don't
know if you're being
hoaxed or if it's real
because there are so many
copycats.'But there were some authentic first-rounders
that were real; I believe those
were signs. What was that? It sounds like
trumpets. It sounds like something.
Signs in the heavens, signs in the
earth. It's just getting you
prepared.
All right. Is that it?
Well, so that's kind of a
highlight for you. I know
it's later, but how long was that?
30 minutes. That's right.
Who wants to go tubing
with us? We're going to go pray. Do you want
to pray with us for a little bit?
How many are here?
5,700 of you. Let's
pray.
What does he say?
Oh, so they had their baby.
Well, congratulations.
President
Trump's still alive.
Isn't that wonderful? I saw the vision
with President Trump gone while she was
still pregnant. And I said, 'I see she's
in the Oval Office.'And during the time
of his attack that I saw him
being taken out, I saw that she was
pregnant and that J.D. Vance took over the
White House during her pregnancy.
She wasn't pregnant when I saw this.
Well, they hadn't made it public. I
don't know if she was pregnant or not. I
can't say that. But she was big and
pregnant, over eight months, because I
could see her
belly button was poking through her
clothes. So I knew it was
symbolic, and the Lord said pray they're
going to try to take out the president.
And she was pregnant.
It didn't happen.
The baby's here. We did our job.
She wasn't pregnant then that I know of
when we heard about it. Well,
she would have had to been, wouldn't she?
Because
we heard about it in January, wasn't
it? Or was it in November?
Yeah,
no, it was November. So she was barely
pregnant if she was. How? Because it's
nine months.
She was not very far along. All right.
So let's pray
and thank God that President Trump is
still alive and he's
safe and he's here. He went to the
soccer game today and everybody booed
him. People are rude, you know?
He's in New Jersey. What'd you expect?
You should have the game in
Oklahoma. People cheer you.
Have the game in Texas next
time. Don't have it in New York.
They're going to boo because they're
crazy. But let's go ahead. Let's
look at that.
Can we show them with
Carney? Because Carney went and so did
Claudia. Claudia came, and I thought that
was interesting. She came from Mexico.
Carney came, and all of them
came to the game today and nothing.
Smoke filled the whole thing.
But look at all of them. First lady's
there. I haven't seen her in a while.
She's stylish. I like her white pants.
I wonder what kind of shoes those are.
Look at all the people there.
I wouldn't be in the same room with
Carney. He has him on.
Sit way down on the other end.
Claudia sits next to my wife. Get out of
here.
Even the way he's—well, he's talking to
Claudia.
Oh, did he walk on the field?
Yeah, he did.
Wow, he's bold.
But he went to see the winners.
Thank you, Father, for protecting him.
That shows
no fear. Amazing with all those
people walking down there.
That's complete trust in your
security team and
in the Lord. But I'm
just saying that is huge.
Is there
anything else? The smoke in the stadium
was terrible for the players breathing
that all in. All the fires from Canada,
you know? And you can see the
smoke looks like fog. Look at
him holding his face. That's terrible.
Are they sucking the smoke out, son?
I don't know. I don't know if this is
like a later game or the game before
because I don't think they had that
back
then.
But it wasn't that bad, so they must
have.
That's pretty amazing.
Unless that's fake AI.
It looks like
a fog machine.
On July 18th, but it had cleared
to moderate air quality on July 19th.
Well, praise the Lord. So that was
yesterday.
That's bad smoke. All right. Let's
pray.
I have to show you this book. We're
going to pray in the Holy Ghost.
Most people do not know about the
baptism of the Holy Ghost because you're
not taught in your church. We're not
going to teach it, but I'll tell you
where to find out more. You can
get the book 'Why Tongues'by Kenneth
E. Hagin and read this book. Mark Hankins
told me tonight, he said, 'Brandon, I got
baptized in the Holy Ghost reading that
book as a young man.'That's
amazing. So Mark Hankins,
who is a preacher,
walks in the
glory, and it's really cool.
But he told me, 'I got
baptized in the Holy Ghost reading Why Tongues.'And
I thought that is such a
cool testimony. So if Mark Hankins got
baptized in the Holy Ghost reading that
book, you read that book. It's
amazing because so many people
don't know about speaking in tongues.
And you can learn more about it. It's Kenneth E.
Hagin and you can find it
online everywhere. You just Google it
and you can find it even on YouTube.
Put it in there: "Why Tongues"by Kenneth
E. Hagin and you'll find it.
There's a lady, I think there are people in
his ministry and stuff; you can find
it. So, alright. Father, we just
thank you for this time of
prayer.
We thank you, Lord, for your healing
power that flows on the inside of us.
We take this body in the name of Jesus
and we thank you, Father, that
no weapon formed against us would
prosper. Father, as we yield to you, we
yield to your precious Holy Spirit.
We thank you, Father, for another great
week. Father, as we begin another week,
as we start off our Monday,
thank you, Father, for the
blessing of the Lord on our seeds.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that the
seeds from the past will come to harvest
at last. We speak to the seeds in
the name of Jesus and we thank you,
Lord, that they're springing forth
bountifully in the mighty name of Jesus.
Father, we lack no good thing.
You are our provider.
You're our Jehovah Jireh. And we believe,
Father, that this week will be
a blessed week. Father, that when we put
our hands to the plow and we're
working, it will be
sweatless victories.
Father, I thank you for the sweatless
victories this week. Father, for the
people that are believing you for
creative miracles in their lives—not
just in their bodies, but creative
miracles in their finances. Father, I
thank you, Lord, that it will come
out even when it seems like there's no
hope. You're the God of hope. We
believe, Father, that this week will be
exceedingly abundantly above all that
they dare ask or think in their
marriages, in their finances, in their
health, in their mental state, in their emotions—in
everything they put
their hands to, they will prosper. I
thank you, Father, that this will be a
week of abundance to the full, to the
overflow.
We call it in right now. Angels of
the Lord, go ministering spirits and cause
it to come forth in the name of Jesus.
We thank you, Lord, that we lack no
good thing and we will finish that
which you've set us out to do.
We'll do it with integrity and we'll do
it with excellence in the mighty name of
Jesus. Everybody say, "For creative
ideas."For
he gives you the power to get wealth
to establish his covenant with you.
He anoints your hands to bring it in. Do
you believe that tonight? He'll
anoint your hands. Whatever you put your
hands to will prosper. I believe it.
Say, "I believe it. I receive it."Creative
ideas in the
midnight hour—he'll speak to you
when you're sleeping at night and he'll
say, "I'm going to give you an idea, an
invention, an investment."He is able to
do it. So I thank you, Lord, that
we yield to that anointing. We yield to
the anointing of the sower. We
are sowers, but we yield to the anointing
of the reaper. We're reapers.
We call those things
that be not as though they were. We
believe we receive it in the mighty name
of Jesus. Father, we take this body
and we believe that
you're the God of the breakthrough.
You bring that breakthrough to us
right now in the name of Jesus,
exceedingly abundantly above all that we
dare ask or think. We take this body
in Jesus'name.
Lord, we thank you for the
blood. We make much of the blood and the
blood makes much of us. It never loses
its power. We plead the blood of
Jesus over us tonight. I thank you that we
are uninterrupted and unhindered by any
satanic or demonic force. We apply the
blood of Jesus over us and we yield to
the anointing of the prophetic. We yield
to the anointing of the watcher. We
yield to that which you've
called us to do. We do it with boldness and
accuracy. We're not
flaky.
I thank you, Lord, that we're led by the
Spirit of God. For we are the sons
and daughters of God. For those that
are led by the Spirit of God are the
sons and daughters of God. We are
led by you. We're filled with and
controlled by the Holy Ghost.
We're not led by
flakiness;
we're led by you, Holy Spirit. We
yield to you. I thank you, Lord,
that when we do that, there's much fruit—overflow in
the fruit,
in
the name of Jesus. We take the
blood right now.
God's opening doors that no man can shut
in your life this week. Expect
the unexpected. The
impossible is what I'm trying to say.
Expect what people would say is
impossible; that's going to come to be
possible in your life today. Expect it.
This is a week of breakthrough. Say it.
You've got to speak to
your mountain. You've got to say it out of
your mouth. I believe I have mountain-dissolving
faith
in my mouth and I'm going to decree a
thing. I'm going to say to my
mountain, "Be removed in the name of Jesus."I'm
not going to have doubt or
lack. I'm going to
have overflow in the name of Jesus in my
house. I speak to the mountain of lack.
I speak to the mountain of "not enough"and
barely getting by. I speak to it in the
name of Jesus and I tell it to be
cast into the sea. I'm not doubting
in my heart. I'm going to have
whatsoever things I say. I believe it.
Either you believe it or you don't.
You're a believing believer and you're
an overcomer by the blood of the Lamb
and by the word of our testimony. Jesus—his
testimony is, "I give you abundant
life
to the extreme, until it
overflows."I'm telling you tonight, it's time
for you to believe for the big.
I saw it today. I was
driving around and had to go to
the grocery store and the Lord spoke
to me and said, "It's time to believe
me for more.
But when you do, you've got to sow big
to reap big."I want you to sow bigger
seeds. I want you to believe me for
more.
In my heavenly account, I go and add
it up. What's a hundredfold of that seed
that I just sowed? Okay, so it's
multiplication time. So I go in there,
add it up on my
calculator. Diana goes, "Man, you've
got that down pat."Yes, because
God is a God of serious
business.
As he is, so are we in this world. We
have it inside of us to be just like
him. Be imitators of God as dear
children imitate their father.
I'm going to imitate
him. He is a God that has more than
enough. He has the cattle on a
thousand hills. So I'm going to imitate
what he has. He's not a God of lack.
A lot of you are going to hate
heaven if you don't like a blessing
because there are streets of gold, blessings,
and mansions. He didn't say a
trailer house. There's nothing wrong
with a trailer house,
but you've got
to believe God for bigger. And that's
what he said: "Sow big to reap big."He
started speaking to me about it today
when I was driving. He said,
"You've got to get poverty thinking out of
your thoughts because all you've
thought is janitor your whole life,
minimum wage. You've got to think bigger,
Brandon. Think bigger. I'm going to give you—I'm
going to open the fountains of
the deep, the secret things, if you
believe me for it:
good measure, pressed down, shaken
together, and running over."What was
amazing about Abraham is no
one could say that they
gave him the wealth. It
was only God.
God gave Abraham the abundance.
God got all the glory.
It's the same thing. We never ask
you for anything.
The Lord said, "Trust me and
give, and I'll give it to you: good
measure, pressed down, shaken together,
running over. I'll do it. You don't have
to worry about people.""Just do what I
tell you to do and I'll bring it to you."And
I said, "I trust you, Father."As
a janitor,
being that way for over 17
years, working for a mega ministry in
Fort Worth, working for a church,
cleaning bathrooms, making a minimum
wage, barely making it, living on
nothing. And God turned around and
says, "I want you to do eBay."And he
started doing eBay and
then
started Poshmark and then started Mercari
and started doing other platforms. And
God said, "I'm going to show you how
to do this."Then
you can
flip a car. I'll teach you how to flip a
car and you buy a car for nothing and
fix it up and clean it up
and go put it on the street corner and
God will help you sell it. Don't
limit God.
And that's the way it was with us all
the time. Find things and flip
them.
The wealth of the sinner is laid up for
the righteous. And people don't want to
hear that, but it's the truth.
Well, you can't make nothing doing that.
Yes, you can.
You're just ignorant. Misspelled items.
Let me tell you another one.
People that have learning disabilities—and
you're not trying to
be mean—but Diana asked me, "How do
you spell this,
Brandon?"And she used the things that I overcome
because I don't spell nothing very well.
And she'd go, "How do you spell this, Brandon?
How do you spell Louis Vuitton?"I said,
"This is how I spell it."She goes, "Okay."And
they grin because they
know it's not spelled right. But if you
could put it in the search engine that
way, you'll find it because somebody
else has spelled it the same way and they're
trying to sell it that way. I'm
just trying to tell you something. How
do you spell Chanel? I don't know how to
spell it, but I'll tell you how it
sounds to me and how I'd spell it. But
if you spell things wrong,
it's how they list it and it's how
you search it.
There's things that God will do to give
you the power to get wealth if you
listen to him. And God will take a
person who has barely a high school
education and I don't know how to spell
nothing very well, and God will use
it with somebody like my wife's mind.
And she goes, "Honey, tell me how to
spell this."I
said, "This is how you spell it, baby."She
goes, "Okay."She grins at
me because she knows it's not
spelled right.
"How do you spell this,
Brandon?"It's
the truth, though.
It's just what she's done a lot. "How do
you spell this, baby?"I'm
like, "You know how to spell it.""I
know, but how would you spell
it?"I
said, "Oh, honey.
Okay.
Jesus is good.
God's a good God. The devil's a bad
devil."But
it is what it is. All right, so
we're going to pray. I don't know who
that was for, but I want you to believe
God for bigger. If God can do it for
Brandon and teach him how to do things
and sell things on eBay and Facebook
Marketplace, God will do
it for you.
The avenues are there. But
so many people are looking for a handout
instead of trying to climb up
the rope themselves and
asking God, "Please teach me the
foolish things of the
world to confound the wise."They
don't believe it; they're not going to
receive it. But God,
I
thank you.
And so he does it. Then he said, "Go on YouTube."And
I've done this. Now I have
seven channels and each one of them has
exploded,
and it's a blessing. Seven channels.
Most people don't understand that,
but my Spanish channel is exploding.
And I give all the glory to God for that
because of the people watching in Latino
nations. They really are starting
to watch us. Which one's growing
faster?
I think as of right now, Spanish is going
real fast. We got a
thousand new subscribers this week
and Brad said, "Dad, people are going—Spanish
is
exploding."And our Portuguese
people are starting to really watch.
We got over 100,000 views on
the one video and then
we have over three
million hits.
Braden said, "Daddy, we got over three
million views."I
was like, "Wow, isn't Jesus wonderful?
One video, one thing, three million.
That's a big deal. Not very many people
can say that."But the Lord did it,
not Brandon. And I'm going to tell you,
to be able to say that and be able to be
in this just for a couple years, it's a
big deal.
The Lord said today, "If
people aren't criticizing you, you
aren't relevant.
If people aren't criticizing you and
trying to be a sucker and a parasite off
of you—other channels that criticize—then
you're not relevant.
Relevancy brings forth criticism."And
I said, "What do you mean by that?"He
said, "They only criticize those that are relevant."He
goes, "Remember Kanye West?"And
I said, "What are
you talking about Kanye West?"He goes,
"He always did something to shock the
media and the people so they would talk
about him because he wanted to remain relevant.
And if they're not talking about
you, you're forgotten.
And as soon as they forget you, you lose
your relevancy.
Relevancy brings forth platform
and platform brings forth souls."So
if people aren't talking about you
and the glory is not there and you've
been cut off from the vine,
you'll know.
And this is what the Lord was showing me.
He said, "Never despise being
persecuted
because persecution means you're
relevant.
That means I'm there."Because he said
they'll persecute you for the word's
sake.
Regardless of what it is, you
can always see when something's alive
because they attack it. They don't
attack dead things. The Lord said they
always will attack things that are
alive; they won't attack what's dead.
I said, "That's interesting."He
says, "So don't despise persecution,
Brandon, because they will persecute you
for the word. They persecuted me."So
I got blessed by it.
He said, "And you always know the
parasites will come and try to
ride it."And I'm not trying to be
critical, but there's a lot of
parasites.
So it's the truth.
You have
not made it until CNN persecutes you, or
Fox, or the New York Times.
That's when you can say...
when the world hates you. The church is
always going to be Pharisees. The Lord
told me, "There's a lot of Pharisees,
Brandon, just like it was in my time."But
when the world hates you
even more... The church has always seemed to
be hating me—a lot of them. But he
said, "When the world turns, when you
get the attention of
the world..."I said, "That's
interesting."Kanye West was an example. He always—remember
how he always acted? He put the pantyhose
on his head and everybody thinks
he's crazy,
always doing something really nuts.
You go, "Okay,
what is going on with this dude?"All
right, let's pray. Father, we thank
you, Lord, for your hand on us. We
thank you, Lord, that you've called us
to the kingdom for such a time as this.
Lord, we're here for you.
Holy Spirit, we thank you for the
presence. We thank you for your goodness
and your mercy. We thank you, Father,
for how you've grown this channel and
what you've done on this channel to
reach the nations and touch the world.
We're so thankful, Father, that you've
called us to the kingdom for such a time
as this.
We apply the blood of Jesus over this
time.
I still see that hurricane
coming towards Florida.
We thank you, Lord, that
we have authority over the storms.
We call peace to the storms.
The seas and the waves will roar,
but Father, I thank you, Lord, that we
have peace over the storms.
It's towards the Miami
area again,
West Palm Beach,
concerning the
Bahamas."What
can wash away my sin?
Nothing but the blood of Jesus.
What can make me whole again?
Nothing but the blood of Jesus. We magnify the blood. We magnify you, Lord. Oh, precious is the
me white as snow. No other fountain I know, nothing but the blood of Jesus. What can wash
Nothing but the blood
of Jesus.
What can make me whole again?
Nothing but the blood
of Jesus.
It
is the flow
that
makes me white as snow.
No
other
fountain I know;
nothing but the blood
of Jesus.
It's time for you to be free.
It's time for you to walk in freedom.
For whom the Son sets free is free
indeed.
It's time for you to walk in this
freedom.
The chains
that seem to bind you—it's
time for you to walk in freedom.
I see the glory.
I see the manifestations of the glory,
like I did tonight in church. I saw the
cloud and
the rain.
I see the rain.
It's time to get a drink from the river
that doesn't run dry, that flows out of
your belly.
The rain. It's time for a
fresh drink of the living water. The
former
and the latter
rain
together.
It's a greater outpouring, a greater
manifestation of the glory.
It's time for us to
rise up with a backbone like a crowbar,
to walk in freedom, to walk in
liberty.
To be encouraged, to lift up your head,
to lift up your
eyes;
not being weary
in
well-doing.
Christ has made you free from the law of
sin and death.
We're not under the curse.
Jesus has set us free.
For sickness, I have health; for
poverty, wealth; for Christ has ransomed
me.
Jesus has set us free.
For Christ redeemed me
from the curse of the law. According to
Galatians 3:13, Christ redeemed me from
the curse of the law. Curses
in every level of Deuteronomy 28,
Jesus set me free.
And he wants you to walk in that
freedom.
Christ redeems you from it. You don't
have to be sick; you don't have to
have disease. It's time to rise up.
Tell Satan to get under your feet. It's
time to submit unto God. Resist the
devil and he will flee from you as in
terror.
Submit yourself therefore unto God.
Resist the devil and he will flee. There
are many of you that are allowing
the devil to come by and rob
you of the blessings that God has given
you. But you've got to stand and tell
him, "Get off of my stuff.
Get off my health. Get off my mind. Get
off my abundance."It's time for me to walk in abundance to the
full till it
overflows. There
are so many people walking in lack,
walking in
sickness and disease. And the Lord
provided for you to walk in abundance
and healing and wholeness and wellness
in every area of your life.
Whom the Son has
set free is free indeed.
Thank you, Lord.
You all are going to have to
stop talking so loud up there when I'm
praying in the spirit like this.
I'm sorry to call you out, but it's
rude.
We thank you, Lord,
for the breakthrough. You
are the God of the breakthrough. And we
believe we receive it in the name of
Jesus everything that you have for us
this week. We're calling it
in the
abundance; we're calling in the overflow
in the name of Jesus.
Now, Father,
concerning New York, I'm
going to pray over New York. We
call forth a revival
in New York.
We call for a stirring in New York.
I see those wells opening again. I see
the wells of revival opening again at
ORU. I see the
capped wells coming open again. There
will be
certain places that walk in a greater
glory than other places.
That's where the thermostat has been
prepared.
There
have
been strongholds that have tried
to hold it back, but the Lord is
breaking the strongholds as of tonight.
I see the wells of revival coming open—the
uncapping of
the wells at the surrounding
areas like Collinsville. There's a new
wave of my presence,
a
freshness of the fragrance of God.
You'll see a freshness, a fragrance of
the
old wells of revival in
Pittsburgh.
In places that have seemingly become
cold,
"I'm about to turn up the thermostat,"the
Lord says, "and a greater manifestation
of my glory in certain spots."I
see it with Billy Burke.
The
atmosphere in
Pittsburgh is about to double.
It will go back to
where it was when Kathryn was there.
The Lord says he's bringing forth his
harvesters,
a new
generation of
revivalists.
It seems like the well had
dissipated on some of the older
ones,
but I'm bringing forth a new
wave of the presence,
a new wave of my
glory on my church.
For I'm dealing with the sin in my
church and I'm dealing with
what's behind closed
doors.
For judgment begins in the house of the
Lord first, and a cleansing is taking
place right now. And I'm bringing forth
new Davids, new voicepieces
for me.
You're about to see new people come
on the scene. For these are my closers.
He's bringing forth the closers, the
harvesters, revivalists of this
generation.
And they'll walk with a glory
that has never been seen before.
For what I did in the tent revival of the
past, for what I did in the tent revival
of old, this will be a
double. You're going to see some walk in
a double—what Jack Coe,
A.A. Allen, and
Oral
Roberts—a
doubling of the glory. A cultivation of
worship.
There's going to be worship like you've
never heard before, sounds from heaven,
worship music that will be coming out of
the
throne room.
Many will come.
It will start to flip in just a day.
You'll see evident
changes starting to manifest like
popcorn in your services.
Revival will start to spring forth like
popcorn in a pan.
It's soon to be seen.
A cultivation of prayer.
It's more prayer.
Praying it through. Not
just patty cake prayer. Praying
it through. Greater
levels of prayer. Greater levels
of intercession. Greater levels of
prayer.
A fire,
my friend.
I see it all going into the fall. I see
a shaking. But I
see the fall. I see the youth. I
pray over the fountains for the youth. I
pray for the young people of this
generation. I call forth
a harvest over the young people.
You visit the college campuses in the
fall. You'll visit the college campuses.
Many
with Holy Ghost fire
over the
college campuses. With the Holy Ghost and
fire.
Move
over Miami. Over the University of
Miami. I call Holy Ghost and fire.
That's interesting. Why I say Miami?
The University of Miami, we
call forth revival. We call forth
revival at Auburn. We call forth
liberal school.
We call forth revival
at Tennessee. We call forth revival at
OU. We call forth revival at UCLA. We
call revival in the name of Jesus. We
speak to the stirring in our
youth in the name of Jesus for a major
harvest of souls
in the high schools, in the middle
schools, and in the grade schools. We call
for revival in the name of Jesus. Holy
Ghost and fire, visit our schools again.
All
throughout Europe, all throughout
Africa, all throughout South America, and
all over Australia and
Canada. Revival in our youth. Revival in
our children. Revival in the name of
Jesus. Stir in our young people.
All over Collinsville, all over
Tulsa. We call for revival. We
call for a stirring in our
youth. We call for—devil, you can't have
them. You can't have them. A
stirring in the youth.
Move,
we call stirring in the youth. We
call fresh fire
over the purple hair and the piercings
and the pink hair and the blue
hair. Oh God, we call revival.
Stir in the
youth of this generation. Stir in the
youth, Father.
And stir in the
elders.
Be patient with the youth. Be patient
with the
babies.
Old and
young.
But be patient with the babies. They're
coming. Be patient.
And you bring in the youth pastors with
a fire in their bellies.
This is not just a stepping stone to get
to some other place. But Father, we call
forth youth pastors that are passionate
about the youth, that have a fire in
their bellies.
It's not a stepping stone.
It's not a
'well, we'll give you
to the youth to preach to them and cut
your teeth.'No. You bring a
fire in their bellies.
They should be the best.
Lord said, 'Bring in the best
for the youth for what's about to happen.'What
you're about to see in the
youth of
this generation, I'm going to
visit them.
For the devil came after them hard, but
I'm coming after them harder. I warned
you. And I'm going to visit the youth of
this generation, and I'm going to pour
out my spirit upon them. And a great
revival will come in the college
campuses and the high schools and the
football fields and the youth
groups of this generation. I'm going to
pour out my spirit and I'm going to
touch this generation with the Holy
Ghost and fire. And the old people,
they're going to notice.
Drink from the well that doesn't run
dry.
He's
looking for some passionate.
Not, 'well, this is the
way we've always done it.'That
generation had to die off
before they took the land.
Will you take the land or are you the size
of grasshoppers in their eyes?
Will you take the land?
A whole generation had to die off
because
they were clinging to what they knew
before.
Grab on to the new.
The tent revivals of that timeframe
are done. I'm doing something new.
Grab on to the new. See, this generation doesn't
know anything about that.
He said,
'I'm going
to do something new that's never been
seen before.'So you don't know what to
expect.
They don't have an anticipation of being
a parrot.
There's no parrot
because they've never experienced it
before.
He's done with the old. It's in with the
new.
Don't parrot what I did back then in
the new revival what I'm about to begin.
That's what he said. Don't parrot what I
did back then and the revival that I'm
about to do now.
Don't parrot it. Well, we did it before
this way. He said this
generation of the youth don't know anything
about it. They've never
experienced it. That's why I'm going to do
it. I can use them.
Don't be an old
wine skin.
Be new wineskin, and I'll use you. 'This
is the way we've always done
it.'He
said, 'Behold, I'm going to do something
new.'Can
these bones live?
He's speaking to the dry bones in the
valleys of the dead bones. Can these
bones live? How dead is dead?
There's a lot of spiritually dead.
They're
callous.
They're full of stagnant old
wine.
But he's going to pour out a new spirit.
Behold, I'm going to do
something new.
That's what the Lord's saying tonight.
Not even clinging on to what was
before, but release that and go to the
new. What's about to happen is something
brand new. And
I'm going to double the glory.
You're going to see more than what
you've ever seen before. What Kathryn
Kuhlman and them walked in, that there'll be
none sick among you.
You'll
have to call for the elders of the church. You
say,
'Is there anybody sick in here?
Do you see anybody in the church that
has something going on with them?'Because
I don't know anybody.
Everybody's been healed.
That's what you're about to see in the
church and the remnant.
'Is there any sick among you?'I
don't know. I don't see anybody.
But the Lord is showing me tonight that
the miracle-working
power of God will flow in the services.
I don't
see any sick tonight. There's nobody to
pray for because they've
all
been healed.
There's none sick among us. There's
nobody depressed among us
because he brings joy. He brings that
peace. He brings that
sense of
awe. I'm
standing in awe. It's an awe. I'm awe-stricken.
'Oh, look at what you did.'He
did it all. That's why he said,
'Don't take it casually.
Don't take any miracles as just
another ear getting open.'He
said, 'For what I'm about to do
is
holy.'Is
there any among you sick? This is
James 5:14.
Let him call for the elders of the
church. See, is there any among
you sick?
They're having to question it
because they walked in the healing. But
what it's going to be is a former and a
latter rain. They're having to ask, "Is
there any sick among you?"That's what
I'm hearing there: that there's a wave of
that. You look around and you say, "I don't
know any; there's so much sickness now in
the church."You see everybody and you go,
"Pick one. That guy's overcoming.
They're
all over there."But the Lord showed
me what's about to happen in the church
in Collinsville and in Georgia,
wherever, all these places. "Is there any
sick among you?"I
don't think so. Everybody here I know
is healed.
Everybody in here is walking in
abundance. Everybody's walking in
God's goodness and his mercy. That's why
he said, "Show me your glory
and his goodness."When the Lord said,
"I'm breathing on it,"and
he breathed on it in front of us on
the livestream, he said,
"Goodness and mercy, Brandon,
my goodness and mercy is passing by you
today. My goodness and my mercy is
passing by you today. Latch hold of my
goodness and my mercy."And there's no
sickness among you.
It's time to believe God for the
exceedingly abundantly above all that
you dare ask or think. We're believing
him for too small in this last
generation.
We are the closers. We are the last
generation that will not taste death.
We're looking up, for our redemption
draws nigh. But as the bridegroom
always brings presents to the bride,
he's calling the bride to his side.
As it was in Jewish tradition, they
brought presents. They brought them good
things.
And the Lord is bringing forth the
good things. It's time to latch hold
of what he said we can have. We are
redeemed from the curse of the law.
Galatians 3:13 says that Christ has
redeemed us from the curse of the law,
and we are not under that curse anymore.
Healing belongs to us. Deliverance
belongs to us. "Is any among you sick?
Let him call for the elders of the
church and let them pray over him,
anointing him with oil."I've got oil
everywhere. You've got to get your oil. Be
anticipating
for God to use you in these last days.
Keep oil in your car. Keep oil in your
purse, ladies.
"Let them call for the elders of the church."I
don't know about you,
but there's a lot of people that
I'm just going to... I call myself an elder
then. I'm going to pray for people,
pray for them. Lay
hands on the sick and the Lord will
raise them up.
And the prayer of faith,
not an anemic, unbelieving prayer.
Well, sometimes you do and sometimes you
don't. It's like Brother Hagin says,
"I'd rather hear a donkey braying at
midnight in a tin barn.
I'd rather hear a donkey bray out there."Hee-haw, hee-haw,
hee-haw. Because
that's how pathetic it
is: "Sometimes he does, sometimes he doesn't."I
believe God is a
healer. God is a healer.
And the prayer of faith will save the
sick
and the Lord will raise him up.
And if he has committed any sins, he's
going to forgive him. But I'm telling
you, he's going to visit this generation
of youth.
They don't have a preconceived
idea of what revival should be like.
It's like a beautiful child
that doesn't... when you say
a white child playing with a
black baby and a black child playing
with a white baby and a Mexican baby,
they don't see race. Racism is taught.
Children don't know racism.
Racism is taught.
If a generation would stop teaching it,
there wouldn't be racism.
It's spread from generation to
generation like a cancer.
It spreads because you teach it.
But the same with revival.
What you're about to see is it's not
been taught. There's no
parroting.
Get ready for what's about to happen.
I see the fountains of revival opening
up. And I saw Brother Hagin and all
these others grabbing a hold of a cup of
it and they barely tasted it. But the
Lord said, "I'm taking you to the depth.
I'm taking you to the deep places. I'm
taking you to where it's not just ankle-deep,
not just knee-deep,
not just waist-deep, but it's over
your head and you're at the bottom of
the barrel and the water's
overtaking you."Father,
I thank you.
Stir,
stir. It's like fire shut up in
my bones.
Stir in them, God. Stir in them
tonight. Bring
Holy Ghost and fire.
Stir in them, Holy Spirit.
And this will go all throughout Asia.
This will go through all of Asia. I call
stirring in the church in South Korea, in Taiwan, in Japan. I
call stirring in
China, in India,
in Pakistan, in Iran, in Iraq, and
in Afghanistan. We call for a
stirring.
Visit them, Lord,
in the midnight hour. In
North Korea, we call North Korea saved.
We pray over President Trump's mind
today. We pray,
Father, that he doesn't take
counsel from the ungodly. We thank you,
Lord, that you encourage him tonight.
Father, I thank you for just
stirring inside of his spirit. We call
protection over Don Jr., Eric, Ivanka,
Tiffany, and over Barron. Father, I thank
you. Is it Tiffany?
Yeah.
I don't know why it's different
between Missy and Tiffany all the time.
I call forth in the name of Jesus, and
even over Kai,
protection over his children.
No weapon formed against them will
prosper. And we plead the blood of Jesus
over them from the top of their head to
the soles of their feet
that they're always in the right place at
the right time. Now, God, I thank you.
Now I hear this.
We're going
to pray forth the Clarity Act.
I'm seeing it right
now. Pray for the Clarity Act.
We speak to the mountain. We speak to
that wall. You be removed in the name of
Jesus.
I see goldness all
around Iraq. I see golden gates around
Iraq.
I see thick golden gates coming around
All hindrances
be removed now in the name of
Jesus. We call forth the hindrances to
be removed.
I'm not moved by what I see. I'm not
moved by what I feel. I'm moved by what
the word says. We call those things that
be not as though they were.
We
say
it is done.
Breakthrough belongs to us.
We're
calling it in right
now.
Even at the point of judgment concerning
that what I just saw, I ask for judgment
concerning that.
I'm not
speaking that out, but
I'm calling judgment
concerning that.
I'm calling a retribution and I
call forth in the name of Jesus: all
hindrances be removed.
I call for
recompense.
Mary,
we're calling it in
right now.
Clarity, come forth.
No more holding back. Save America, come forth in the name of Jesus. Clarity, come forth. We get the rocket fuel.
It's time for the rocket fuel. There it goes. I see it, the shiny on
Save America, come forth
in the name of Jesus.
No more hindrances. No more delays.
The Lord says, "Remember
that which you tried to
bring forth is what they will push away."I
know, Lord, I'm just ready for You to
come.
He said, 'Remember, Brandon,
that which is trying to come forth,
you'll push away
in the days ahead.'They'll push away
concerning
social control
over finances. The beast system will
rise out of the Clarity
Act.
But I want Him to come.
It's like ripping
the Band-Aid off and
let's go. But this is not a
Band-Aid; this is a war wound.
The Clarity Act will bring forth the
beast system.
I saw it again right then when I was
calling it forth. He said, 'That which
has been delayed, that which
is there,
the very thing that you embrace, you'll
push away.'The
Clarity Act will bring forth
the beast system.
I heard it very clearly. He said, 'Clarity
will bring forth the beast system.'I
said, 'Yes.
Aren't you ready to go home?'This
is all part of it: Starlink, the
chip, one-world government, digital currency—it
all comes out of Clarity.
It's all happening. But there
are a lot of people who delay
it; they like their life. I know
what's on the other side waiting for us.
Heaven is a beautiful place. The end times—we're
there.
The boat is going over Niagara
Falls. Do you understand? The Clarity
Act is the boat going over Niagara
Falls.
The end-time push: digital everything.
When Clarity gets put in, it
will be an acceleration to the end. Just
remember what I'm telling you: when
Clarity gets passed, it will be an
acceleration to the end. A
digital era of time; it's
a race to this.
The Clarity Act will bring forth the digital
age that brings forth the mark of the
beast. Watch.
I'm telling you. 'Well, Brandon, why are you
praying for it to happen?'Because this
is all part of the end times. We're all
part of it. This is it. We are the
generation that will not taste death.
That's what I'm trying to tell you all a
hundred billion times. It feels like
I've said it over and over again. Do
you realize how close we are to the
coming of the Lord Jesus Christ? He's
calling for the revival tonight. He's
calling for the revivalists. He's calling
for the harvesters. He's calling for the
young people. He's calling for
the finances and the things that happen
and the glorious outpouring. It's all
coming. It's the dominoes: Iraq—all
this stuff going on with Iraq.
It's all part of the end times.
So, what He shows me,
I'm just excited that He chose me to
be here for it.
Let's finish strong.
Father, we thank You.
As we see it,
I'm going to say this: I don't believe
the Save America Act will pass.
Pillars of it will, but the whole thing
won't. They'll split it off and
take chunks of it.
They'll pass parts,
but I don't see the whole thing. I
could be wrong; I'd love to be,
but I don't see America being saved. I
see a window of
opportunity. What will you do with the
time God has given you?
There's a storm coming. What will you do
with the time that He has given you?
This is a preparation time. It was a
reprieve. He called this a reprieve.
Donald Trump was a
reprieve. What will you do with the time
God has given you in this reprieve? You've
got Judas trying to take over now,
and you've got the Antichrist trying to
take over now. The Democratic people and
this over here with Gavin Newsom, and
you've got Judas. Which one do you want?
What will you do with the reprieve I
have given you?
Donald Trump?
Because Judas is over here and the
Antichrist is over here.
Both.
One's trying to come up—the chameleon,
which is JD Vance—and you've got Gavin Newsom,
who is a Luciferian
Democratic devil on this side.
I pray that Rubio takes it, and that's
what we continue to pray. I'm not trying
to be political. I'm telling you what I
see in the visions. I'm even seeing it
right now. I see it. It's right there.
I can see it, and I'm warning you.
The Clarity Act will bring forth a beast
system.
This will be like if
you talk about putting nitrous in a
car engine; this is the nitrous. Watch
the end times. The Clarity Act will cause
this thing to shoot off
like a rocket. The beast system is
what we're about to see.
I think it's interesting.
Where are we in the end times?
Socialist control will come over the
internet and finances in the days ahead.
You say, 'Wow.'Yeah,
that's where we are.
I try to encourage you that Jesus Christ
is coming sooner than you think.
Most of you are still thinking, 'Oh,
it's a long way off.'It is not a long way
off. Watch this new digital age
come about when the Clarity Act passes. If
it passes this week—wow—an
acceleration to 9/11.
The Lord said the number seven was on
fire. He said, 'Remember seven; it was
on fire.'And he said, 'Watch the
seventh month, the week of the 20th.'The
week of the 20th—pray over this
week. So, we've been praying over
it. And here we are, the week of the
20th. This is the week. Pray over this
week. I've been praying over this week
for a while—the week of the 20th—praying
over this week going into this timeframe.
And He said, 'The week, the
seventh month, pray over this
timeframe.'Praying
over the Clarity Act.
I see there's a little bit of a
hiccup right here. All
of it's there but ten
percent. There's something they're not agreeing
on about this ten
percent. There's something right here, but I see
a whole pie other than this little
sliver right here. Once they pass
this little sliver, the beast system is
going to shoot off like a rocket. Watch.
The United States will be the
major runner of it, but there's
something about this sliver right here
I'm looking at right now in the spirit.
I can't figure it out. It's something
they're disagreeing on—a
little sliver, ten
percent. But ninety percent is
already agreed upon.
Once they pass that ten percent
and agree upon whatever this is—and
I'm going to tell you who it
is: it's J.P. Morgan.
It's the banksters
that are lobbying against it. That's the
problem. They're the problem. They're
the ten percent. This—whatever this is right
here—they're
lobbying against it with the
Democrats and some of others to
tell them, 'Don't do this, or we won't fund you.'It's
right here,
but I don't see it holding up very much.
It's rice-paper
thin.
And remember, Garlinghouse will say, 'All
I need is clarity.
All we need is clarity.'And the rocket
shoots up, and they pull it down.
They
try to manipulate it. They try to
manipulate the rocket. I saw great
highs, great lows. They pull it down,
they let it go up, they pull it
down—manipulation
with a rocket.
All of this is in my opinion, what I
believe the Lord is telling me and what
I'm seeing right now—all in my opinion,
because I can miss it. I'm human.
So we pray for this week. We pray for
abundance to the full until it
overflows—for your jobs, for wisdom, for raises,
for bonuses, and for healing for
you and your marriages. This
will be a wonderful week for you, such that
you'll look back and say, 'Wow, that was
a good week, Lord. Thank you.
Refreshing.'It's
time for days of heaven on earth.
Instead of always being the Debbie
Downers—you
know, SNL that I remember in the
nineties? They had a Debbie Downer.
She was always doing that. Debbie
Downer. It's Debbie Downer.
I don't know—you
probably didn't watch it, but in the nineties,
it was there. I'm sorry, I'm
telling on myself, but she'd always go, 'Debbie
Downer.'Whatever.
Some of you know. Young
generation...
Well, praise the Lord. Lord, we love You.
I'm glad you came out tonight and prayed
with us. We pray over the nation and
we'll continue to pray. Father, I thank
You, Lord. Am I released?
Not quite. He says
it's over Macron
and something about
France—an
acceleration over the war in Ukraine.
We're not going to
stop it,
but just
prepare
the hearts of the people for the shaking
that's at their door.
Even in Toronto,
British Columbia, and Portland, a
shaking is at the door—a
shaking of the land
above 8.0.
Actually,
it's
above 7.4.
Very clear, 7.4.
Thank You, Jesus, for the shaking of the
land to wake up the people.
It's time to have your
eyes to the skies, for Jesus is coming.
Everything's getting set up.
I thank You, Lord.
We give You praise, Lord Jesus.
I see this: praying over the fall
conference
for Sister Billye.
I don't know why;
let me just lift that up for a
second,
concerning the speakers
and the flow of
the meeting.
Even going into 2027.
I ask Him questions like that because
when I'm underneath the anointing, I get
really clear answers. I'm asking
things for myself.
You're going to see a reshaping
in the
circle of Word of Faith.
You're going to see a reshaping in
certain camps; it will look totally
different in the days ahead.
That's all I can say. Father, I thank
You, Lord.
Well, we praise the
Lord for everything He's done tonight. Isn't
Jesus wonderful? He's a wonderful
Jesus. I'm so thankful for every
single one of you. Thank you for coming
out and praying with us for
the youth of this generation,
for revival, and for things that are coming.
You can keep pulling in that
river for hours, but I try to
keep the prayer around what
I feel released about in my spirit, around two to
two and a half hours. We've been
pushing, and we can keep pushing. I know
it's almost midnight here in
Central time, so a lot of people have
to go to work, but I'm so thankful for
every single one of you. I got a late
start tonight because of the revival
meeting we had at the church,
but we'll be back again. We just keep
jumping in the river.
We call it in; we can keep
praying in tongues and
pushing on it. It's
like a boulder you push out of
the way. We
can do fifteen more minutes.
We thank You, Father.
Thank You for that clear
direction, Lord, concerning that.
I see him asking for help, and I
see it.
He's stripping away the spiritual egos.
You're going to see a lot of people
humbled.
There's a lot of spiritual ego. They
walk with such a big head they don't fit through
the door because
they've taken so
much. Instead of deflecting and keeping
vertical, they've allowed a spiritual
ego to set in because of the anointing
on their life. Because of this,
God's going to
deflate the balloon.
He's not going to pop it; He's going
to deflate it.
Humility is coming
to the
spiritual egos.
It's put a stench in a lot of people's
noses, and you're going to see a
deflating of the balloon.
Some of them may be popped, but I see a
deflating.
God's dealing with this spiritual
ego. They've not
deflected; they've not put their eyes on
Him. Because of this, there's too
much pride and self,
and He can't use it because it's a
stench to Him. It's like when He
corrected me and said, 'When people try to talk to you, what
do you think?
That it has to do with you?
They're looking at the glory. Humble yourself.'When
you get a big head, you
start thinking it's
about you. It has
nothing to do with you; it's everything
to do with being yielded to the Holy
Spirit and allowing Him to
flow through you. You're just a vessel.
God said, 'I'm dealing with the
spiritual pride and the egos in church
leadership.'There's
a lot of arrogance and
pride, and He says, 'I'm dealing
with this with
a refiner's
fire.'Praise
the Lord.
Now we're released.
Put a smile on
your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you and we'll see you again.
Have a blessed night or a blessed day
wherever you are. Thank you for
joining us. Like, subscribe, and click the
notification bell. Let's get this above
21,000. We hit
620,124
subscribers.
Thank you for helping me get to
620,000;
now we're believing for
621,000.
The Lord
is doing it. Look at that,
we'll be able to say we're at 700,000
subscribers soon, all to the glory of God.
I have
to pass 666,666
real quick.
That is bad. I want you all to
subscribe that
day. Just push it as many times as you can. We
have to
bypass 666,666
quickly.
We're almost there. I want to
get past that number and go
to 667,000.
God bless you all. We love you.
We get a lot of subscribers
when we put out shorts.
God bless you all. Remember, put a
smile on your face.
Good night.